Welcome back.
Well let's take just five minutes to quickly make this Web site a little bit prettier just to show you
how easy it is to customize a site.
Once you have the layout done a recommended step that I've mentioned multiple times when you build a
web site figure out your layout make it responsive.
And once that's done the rest is kind of fun.
You just add nice CSSA properties some images to just pretty fly.
So in our case I want to show you a Web site called well no shared dot X Y Z and it's going to really
help you out because it gives you free design resources to use and they have font's illustrations mockups
UI kits everything for free that you can use on your website.
In our case we can use something like On draw over here.
That gives us a ton of MIT Illustrated or licensed illustrations.
So if I go to browse now we see that we have a ton of images that we can use so in my case I've downloaded
one of these images and we're going to use it as our cover photo.
So let's go back to our project and in my cover photo over here instead of just having cover with exclamation
marks I'll just have an image tag that will have a class of cover a CSSA property that we're going to
see a SS class that will use and is going to link to the image that I just downloaded in my images folder.
Again the shoe already be in your starter file that I gave to you.
So if you're looking at a folder you'll see that we have an image folder and from there we're going
to grab the on draw.
Scott
I save this and refresh it and make sure I finish that half with an ending bracket and I refresh.
And this is that PMG.
Let's refresh.
That's a lot better.
But boy that's a big image.
We can easily fix this by going to our small going to our cover and using the cover class that we've
added to the image to just say that we want the width to be.
Well we can say 100 percent that but that might be too big.
I don't like it that big.
Let's do 30 YEM five refresh for R.E.M. refresh.
That's better.
But we want to get rid of this red background now.
Let's have everything in white.
She going to go up to our zone and we can just actually remove the red from here.
I refresh much better it looks a lot better.
All right.
So as we see the image sizes and growing which is good but it looks nice and pretty as the cover photo.
Another thing that I noticed is that when I scroll down I want the header tab to be sticky that is to
scroll with me and that's another common pattern that we'll see that's fairly easy to do.
We can just give the nav element a sticky class and this sticky class
can say that people have a position of fixed and a top of 0 that is starting to talk.
And if I refresh this it will actually because of the position fixed although it works now.
It messed up our with.
So we want to make sure that the with is always 100 percent.
So all we would do is at the end say with 100 percent again these three properties together is a common
pattern that you'll see to make to make navigation sticky so that now when I scroll down look at that
our navigation is nice and sticky.
Let's make the green navigation bar blue.
So I'll turn this into blue all right that looks a lot better.
What else we can change our font let's say to something prettier font family just say Ariel fyrir fresh.
All right.
That looks a little bit cleaner.
What else can we do here.
Well just to finish it off maybe we want to do something different when we hover over the zone.
Let's say that with the boxes when we hover over them I can just copy and paste this.
Let's make them tilt a little bit.
So I'll say box and instead of shadow or box shadow will say transform
and we'll just say that we want to rotate say negative 7 degrees
safe and refresh.
Look at that.
We have some grid systems that when we hover over them they rotate 7 degrees.
I mean I want to demonstrate to you how fast we can convert a website to start looking good by no means
is this perfect but by just changing a few properties we've now gone from this to our final view and
you can imagine how within a day of improving this Web site making this a little bit prettier Maybe
you really like this Web site cards that they have here so you can just inspect the element and perhaps
just copy their CSSA styles.
But there's a lot of flexibility here.
The important point though is the fact that you start with your layout using flex blocks and CSSA grid
and then it's really up to you and your creativity to design beautiful Web sites.
I hope that was fun.
I definitely had a lot of fun playing with CSSA great and fluxbox and I'll see you in the next video.